what game best describes the story of
your life for my kids it's candy land
they just love candy but for so many
people it's more like playing twister
struggling through the twists and turns
of everyday life stretching themselves
beyond their limitations and bending
over backwards just to make ends meet in
their busy and hectic schedules they try
to be everywhere at the same time maybe
for you it's like chutes and ladders
constantly subject to the ups and downs
the highs and lows of life every time
you manage to climb the ladder of
success you fold down a chute to the
bottom again for some life is like a
game of Monopoly they'll do anything and
everything to try and make money as long
as they can stay out of jail how about
the game of sorry feeling guilty because
you're not a good enough parent spouse
or friend you always find yourself
apologizing to others and feeling sorry
for yourself and then there's Tetris
anything good you ever do is easily
forgotten and disappears while your
mistakes keep on piling up and are
remembered forever or maybe it's all
just a game of cards the hand you're
dealt is fate
how you play is up to you
but no matter which game you feel your
life is like I want to share with you
five things all games in life have in
common goal action manual enjoy and
success go every game has a goal not
just agar there's an objective a mission
and the purpose you aiming for something
whether it's capturing a flag scoring
the most points or being the first one
to make it across the board there's
always a specific challenge you're
trying to overcome welcome to life the
Torah tells us God created man from soil
and blew into him a soul of life the
difference between soil and soul is the
eye and to you the goal of life to let
go of the eye and embrace the you you
see from the moment were born it's all
about me myself and I ever noticed how a
baby has no consideration for others
it's only concerned with its own needs
feed me
bathe me change me and hold me or else
I'll blast your ears out but as we get
older we learn how to take care of
ourselves and as we mature we learn to
take care and think of other people the
challenge of life is overcoming our
natural tendencies towards selfishness
and learning to become more considerate
more compassionate and more giving to
others and like every game you must make
a move and take the necessary actions
towards achieving your goal in life too
we need to be bold and brave we must
take action and do whatever it takes
make tough choices and take chances to
create and necessary changes so how do I
know what to do no problem
every game comes with a manual
a piece of paper or booklet written by
the creator and inventor of the game
giving you instructions guidelines rules
and regulations and how to play the game
life - comes with a manual
teaching us the ins and outs of the game
of life how to play offense and how to
play defense and it was written of
course by the creator of life himself
it's not easy in fact setting goals
taking action and playing by the rules
should be a lot of work and sometimes
very hard but so is winning a
championship the most important thing to
remember is enjoy the process appreciate
the opportunity to be on the court and
be grateful for the chance to play and
finally in the end we all want to
succeed in our mission and to win the
game life is the same way well you all
want to look back and be proud of the
choices we made and the people we've
become so remember play hard play smart
and don't forget to enjoy yourself along
the way